AppleCare Service
Apple Distribution International
Hollyhi! Industrial Estate
Hollyhi!
"Cork
Ireland
Dear Apple Customer
reliability all work has been performed in vice. ain To Sender: ensure the highest leve ha of facility a a
After thorough diagnostic testing it a been determined that a replacement
iPhone* (enclosed) is necessary. a
Warranty:
Your replacement iPhone assumes the remaining warranty of the original product of
90 days from the date of replacement or repair, whichever provides longer coverage
If your original iPhone is covered under its original Apple One (1) Year Limited
Warranty, this replacement iPhone is provided at no charge. If the original iPhone is
not covered under Apple warranty your credit card will be charged in the amount
quoted to you when you agreed to proceed with this service/evaluation
If your.product is within its Apple One (1) Year Limited Warranty you may consider
purchasing an AppleCare Protection Plan: WWW .apple. .com/xx/support/products
(replace xx with your country code; for example uk for United Kingdom, ie for
Ireland, fi for Finland, no for Norway, dk for Denmark).
leg. Note If a you are a consumer this warranty is in addition to. and does not affect your
legal rights
Serial Number:
Please note that your replacement iPhone has a new Serial Number different to that
ofyour original iPhone However any warranty remaining on your original iPhone is
valid for your replacement iPhone Always retain a record of your Serial Number/s
for future reference
iPhone User Tips:
Important information and troubleshooting is available at Apple's online support
site: www.apple .com/support/country,
We wish you continued enjoyment with your iPhone.
Sincerely,
AppleCare Service
The replacement product may be new of equivalent to new in performance and reliability Any applicable cost
is indicated adjacent to the part(s) or product description or in a separate invoice Pursuant to the termsof
Apple's warranty, an AppleCare extended service agreement and Repair Terms and Conditions, service parts that
are exchanged are not returned to the customer.
o 2012 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone andiTunes are trademarks of AppleInc. registered in the
U.S. and other countries AppleCare is a service mark of Apple Inc. registered in the U.S. and other countries. Other product and
company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
Apple Distribution International Directors Cathy Kearney, Michael O'Sullivan (Irish) Gene Levoff (United States of America
B073-1141
