AppleCare Service
Apple Distribution International
Hollyhill Industrial Estate
Hollyhill
Cork
Ireland

Dear Apple Customer,

Thank you for choosing AppleCare Service. To ensure the highest level of quality and
reliability, all work has been performed in an Apple approved screening facility.

After thorough diagnostic testing, it has been determined that a replacement
iPhone* (enclosed) is necessary.

Warranty:
Your replacement iPhone assumes the remaining warranty of the original product or
90 days from the date of replacement or repair, whichever provides longer coverage.

If your original iPhone is covered under its original Apple One (1) Year Limited
Warranty, this replacement iPhone is provided at no charge. If the original iPhone is
not covered under Apple warranty, your credit card will be charged in the amount
quoted to you when you agreed to proceed with this service/evaluation.

If your product is within its Apple One (1) Year Limited Warranty, you may consider
purchasing an AppleCare Protection Plan: www.apple.com/xx/support/products
(replace xx with your country code; for example uk for United Kingdom, ie for
Ireland, fi for Finland, no for Norway, dk for Denmark).

Note: If you are a consumer, this warranty is in addition to, and does not affect, your
legal rights.

Serial Number:
Please note that your replacement iPhone has a new Serial Number different to that
of your original iPhone. However, any warranty remaining on your original iPhone is
valid for your replacement iPhone. Always retain a record of your Serial Number/s
for future reference.

iPhone User Tips:
Important information and troubleshooting is available at Apple's online support
site: www.apple.com/support/country.

We wish you continued enjoyment with your iPhone.

Sincerely,
AppleCare Service

* The replacement product may be new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability. Any applicable cost
is indicated adjacent to the part(s) or product description or in a separate invoice. Pursuant to the terms of
Apple's warranty, an AppleCare extended service agreement, and Repair Terms and Conditions, service parts that
are exchanged are not returned to the customer.

© 2012 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iTunes are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the
U.S. and other countries. AppleCare is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Other product and
company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
Apple Distribution International Directors: Cathy Kearney, Michael O'Sullivan (Irish), Gene Levoff (United States of America)
B073-1141
